At the start of the semester when I made the decision to switch into the Digital Reading; Digital Writing First Year Writing course I did not know what to expect and therefore, had few expectations of what the course material would consist of. I switched into the course after reading its description and thought it would help me solve the ongoing debate I have with my father of which is the best way to read a novel: print or a digital edition. Going through this course has not only given me insight on this debate but has also provided me with new skills and other insights that I never imagined it would.

During the course I have learned many new skills on the computer and much more about the immense power of those complex machines. My dad works on computers for a living, but has never discussed with me all the different ways to do one task or how much the computer is actually capable of, despite how we usually only use a slight amount of its ability for our everyday, mediocre tasks. During the course I began to only scratch the surface of all the different commands our small machines are capable of. Three months ago I thought the only use for the word "terminal" was at an airport, now I know better. I also began to learn about other terms such as vagrant, sbt console, and the scala programming language among others. In the future this will be beneficial to me as it could persuade a potential employer that I have a more in depth experience with technology than the average person and that I am both willing and able to absorb new techniques and concepts, just as I did when learning a new way to navigate through the files on my computer.

Throughout my time in this course I also gained a great deal of knowledge on ancient authors and their works. In high school I did not take world history so I knew Plutarch was an ancient Greek or Roman author, but had no other knowledge of him. Through my research for this class and during our class discussions, I now see how although those ancient authors wrote their works long ago they still relate to us today and can heal and empower us through their language. For example, after Dr. Blackwell's mother passed he quoted the *Illiad* to us. I found this to be extremely thought provoking as this work written so long ago not specifically written for this particular purpose, was being used in today's society to help one with grief when there are thousands of other current resources for that exact situation. This being said, what Dr. Blackwell quoted to us seemed to provide him comfort in this tough time, despite when the text was written or its original purpose. One of Plutarch's works in his *Moralia* collection also relates to today's society. *On the Bravery of Women* provides his audience with stories of strong women doing brave things. This is extremely relatable today with the continued push for women's right and the Me Too movement. The connection seems to show that women have been strong and worthy of equal rights throughout all of history, but we have just recently begun to make this change. With this, Plutarch seem to be ahead of his time and possibly helped jumpstart the fight for women's rights through this work. My knowledge of these few ancient works and their authors could make potential employers infer that I am well acquainted with classical literature and thereby well-rounded.

The most impactful insight that I have learned during this course is that at first you may not think a topic is interesting, but by doing some research and making connections it can become interesting. At the start of the semester when I chose to write my paper on the women of Ceos only to soon find out that they were not actual C.E.O.s I was worried that the topic would be difficult for me to write about because I then did not find it to be interesting. As I began my research and in depth dissection of this section of Plutarch's *On the Bravery of Women* I found myself getting excited every time I would find a few fact and make a new connection. I also found myself telling everyone who would listen about the women of Ceos and their overly public courtships. Now as I look back on my semester and all my classes, one of the few topics that I could inform someone of nearly verbatim whilst being excited about the topic would be about the women of Ceos. The fact that at the beginning of the semester I was uninterested and clueless of these women's existence, but now I am excited to share their story and draw conclusions about their lives surprises me. This new found insight could persuade a potential employer because it shows that I have the ability, work ethic, and means to fully invest myself in a topic to research it.

My first year writing course may not be what I expected, but I think it turned out to be exactly what I needed it to be. Since I am not a History or Computer Science major I likely would never have learned all of these new computer skills or about the ever relatable works of Plutarch or other ancient authors like him. Throughout my time in this course I have learned not only a lot about computers and ancient works, but also that through a little commitment and research a topic that did not seem interesting can become exciting and thought provoking. Not only have I enjoyed my time in this class, but I will also be able to take these skills and insights that I gained from it and apply them in my life throughout the future.
